[ZERO TRUST] Updated/Applied Content Strategy (#4807)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/facebook-login.md

1.  Click **Save Changes**.

> To test that your connection is working, follow the steps on [SSO Integration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test that your connection is working, follow the steps on [SSO Integration](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/#test-idps-on-the-zero-trust-dashboard).
```

Reviewer: We actually don't have the specify the `developers.cloudflare.com` on our internal links b/c they live within the same folder.

We used to use relative links, but those actually ended up being really tricky to parse and a pain with migration, so now we use absolute links.
